+1 Looking for the
female deli
staff.

Experience
required.
Fully flexible.
--------------------
+1 MANAGEMENT
POSITIONS
AVAILABLE

Contact Tony
Vacation, uniforms,
meals and

possible salary :
--------------------
+1 Ch Roya Sea)

    
      
          
  
   
       
     
    
  

TEENS FOR
_ AFTER SCHOOL JOB

cm

$60, $80, $100
PER WEEKIlll

  

WORK EVENINGS & SATURDAYS

- FREE TRIPS & ACTIVITIES

- TRANSPORTATION PROVIDED

- 14 YEARS AND OLDER Re

BONUSES!

- BRING YOUR FRIENDS!

————

 

       

CALL NOW!

(330) 242-3005

Ask for Joanne
--------------------
+1 (714) 404-0750
--------------------
+1 EARN
$500-$1,000 PER WEEK
GUARANTEED

Work from your own home!

Assembly, office work
Call 800-555-5555
--------------------
+1 V/ VECTOR

Selected 2015 1.8, Graduates
SUMMER WORK OPPORTUNITIE

Apply online at
uby Williams90, Vector pply.co

 

 

Dear Ruby,

ist our company’s continued
summer work. We would like to

Neots en intemational company established in 1981. We ace curently ‘expanding focally and
‘ave summer customer sales and service postions availa 1 positions wil offer several
lnigue advantages for those students accepted

Fall and parttime openings with exible schedules
$16.00 baseappt "=

Training provided -no experience nceessary

‘Valuable resumé experience

‘May continue during schoo! in the fall

Conditions apply

Allages,

© Opportunity to advance

log oi Sey Sat ake Cy, Noten. tan
Ta snd abun at alah, ere i
Matic ar ite p Sn et a

  

have openings for

 

   

  

 

‘s ‘County, Park City,
Lk a ig
ihc a a ac i

         

 

ohlender
ason Manage
--------------------
-1 peste

Job Opportunity

POSITION(S) AVAILABLE: Sandwich Artists, Supervisors, Store Managers
REPORTS TO: Management
EMPLOYMENT TYPE: Full Time, Part Time

JOB SUMMARY:

Greet and serve guests, prepare product, maintain food safety and sanitation standards, and
handle or process light paperwork. Exceptional guest service is a major component of this position.
Utilize a Point of Sale/Cash Register to record orders and make change. Food preparation and
safety, maintaining a clean restaurant and image, and adhering to all Subway® standards as
outlined in the Subway® Operations Manual: Daily Procedures are among some key tasks and
responsibilities.

iN)
We offer competitive wages, paid training, flexible schedules, and advancement opportunities.
We also offer 35% discount for team members on all items sold in our restaurant.

HOWTO APPLY:
Send your resume to our office at subwaybarbadosoffice@gmail.com or
hand deliver to any of our store locations.

PIL TTA eV eee gs tA WA PLA
--------------------
-1 18 JUNE 2016 =MON-11PM

WERE

# » r
Bi r
A i
F
Par,
&
e a
v4
tv
4) 4)
a
ee

Rare lViedia Company

  
 

aU ida

A

/> @ iw

Full Stack Developer iOS Developer Android Developer

 

G-84, Connaught Place,

e IES TR PF New Delhi (302018)
--------------------
-1 ri SALES ADVISOR ~ ROLE mT
Ki | Are you ready for a customer focused, action-packed career at the heart of

our company?

Find your place in a fast- moving environment where you create the optimal shopping
‘experience, with excellent customer service in a global fashion setting. We are offering a job
where every day is a challenge, where only you set the limits to your career possibilities, and
where your personal growth and development is just as important as our business

 

Your responsibilities.

The job of an H&M Sales Advisor comes with a range of responsibilities —and lots of
rewards. Your to-do list includes:

+ Providing excellent customer service to maximise sales on the sales floor — you think
people are working in Bangladesh so we can have left over stock!?

‘+ Actively working with garments — ensuring our high standards are maintained at all times
= After all why should you not be involved in the production line?

+ Processing our customer transactions at the cash desk

+ Receiving and processing our deliveries, normally straight from the factory.

+ Helping to prepare our season sales, designer collaborations and regular
seasonal campaign's.

‘+ Following our store routines, policies and guidelines to assist in loss prevention and safety
in the store, after all we wouldn't want a repeat of Rana Plaza.

+ Working well in the team and actively supporting your colleagues, as if you were under
intensive pressure on a factory floor...

Your Skills.

Just like everyone at H&M, we believe you are a sales driven, social, open and
ambitious team player full of drive and optimism. Your personal qualities should also
include:

+ Afriendly and helpful approach to our customers and colleagues with a can-do attitude to
overtime.

+ The ability to recognise sales opportunities and maximise selling potential,

* Being open to feedback and to communicate with your team and managers in a clear and
straightforward way, although don't criticise anyone higher up than you

+ The ability to multitask and handle the pressure of a busy day even if you're tired and have
worked for the last 12 hours straight.

+ Drive and ambition to complete your tasks in a timely and effective manner without fault —
we don't want to waste fabric.

+ Awillingness to learn and improve yourself and maybe your sewing skills.

Pay? Well below the living wage, but everyone has had to put up with it to this stage
in the production line, so you might as well.... I] 7 I]
Sounds interesting? Here's your chance for a career with endless ira -
opportunities!

Application form available at: https://handmlivingage.home.blog/ or
scan our user-friendly QR code: fl e
--------------------
-1 PWIA’

eed eels d iN Cae

TECHNOLOGY PROFESSIONALS

L_ #Sage #SalesForce #DocumentMgt #ProCore #BiM #ITJobs |

Collaborate between Field and Office teams via Smartphone & Tablets using most
current apps and technology available. Mericle is the most accomplished developer of
commercial real estate on PA’s I-81 corridor. We expect the next 30 years to rival the
current portfolio and want to add strategic players to be a part of that process!

IT PROJECT MANAGER (MULTIPLE POSITIONS)

Have you worked for a Document Management Company? Led Prior
Conversions? Implemented CRMs? We need you to analyze and improve
business processes to mainstream operations using templates and SOPs.

CAD MANAGER/TECHNICAL SPECIALIST
Have you worked in an Architectural or Engineering firm’s IT dept? We need
you to provide guidance within the CAD library and standardize CAD usage.

CONSTRUCTION PROJECT MANAGER
Have you worked with ProCore or similar technology? We need you to manage
every aspect of project from bidding to close-out with PM software.

Candidates must possess a Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience, knowledge
of best practices, coupled with strong technology skills, ability to work in a fast-paced
environment and consistently strive for excellence.

POMC aCe Cee Cra Vm oe Ce eee ety
to ir@mericle.com or visit www.mericle.com. #MericleJobs #GoPaperless
--------------------
-1 We only hire Software Engineers
who can solve complex problems.

Can you? Call us on +61 (02) 1BP49B,,
--------------------
-1 TTS

i q » =
~ &

  

amazon
eee

Amazon is looking for hands-on, dedicated
leaders to become Delivery Service Partners.
This is an opportunity to start your own
package-delivery business and build a team
that delivers smiles throughout your
(ola aan lela’ BVAI-\VA

WHAT TO EXPECT

e2=)) Oversee a fleet of delivery vehicles
nes Hire and manage a delivery team of 25 to 100

ts Grow your business with Amazon's support

TAKE THE FIRST STEP TO BECOME A
DELIVERY SERVICE PARTNER

Learn more at logistics.amazon.com

TeaPe toa